are you like me tired of the hour shower
thanks to this water saving shower head
it takes 20 minutes for my head and
chest feel region to get wet then
another 20 minutes for the water to
trickle down to my groin region and as
we approach the 1 hour mark the area
below my knees is still dry enough of
the hour shower I need a power shower I
cannot show up to work in the morning
with my knees still dirty from yesterday
all these shower heads and each one of
them is an hour shower
two and a half gallons a minute
still two and a half gallons a minute
every single one of these showerheads
two and a half gallons a minute or less
the power shower does not exist
commercially what this is argh we're a
store right this is my hardware like I
was saying the power shower is
commercially unavailable the United
States government has outlawed its usage
you know what I sweat my balls off at
work to earn money and if I want to
spend some of that money on a shower
that properly bathes my balls
that's my god-given right you know what
about my right to pursue happiness you
know but no the United States government
takes money out of my paycheck and buys
condoms with it for other man's balls
where is social justice what I'm about
to do is illegal but I am the Rosa Parks
of the power shower unscrew the top pick
out this grommet put this through
backwards and you see this this is what
makes it a water saving shower these
three tiny holes regulate the amount of
water and give you what the United
States government has determined is your
daily allowance of shower water
now you put this do one whoa
curtain
you see that curtain move even the
curtain boughs to the to the power of
the power shower Wow
I have not had such a showering
experience since going to the YMCA in
Brockton circa 1998 alright I just got
wet instantly from my head to my foot I
don't even need to floss I just smile
and look at the power shower
get my dandruff problem why that's a
thing of the past and I didn't even need
to use head and shoulders in fact I
don't even need to use soap at all
oh honey all the peanut butter is gone
that was encrusted in my beard Wow
that walks the line between tickling and
extreme pain oh and by the way I would
suggest that long-distance runners do
not get the power shower on their
nipples what what I can't hear you oh I
can hear again was that just the orange
Yankee Candle I saw go down the drain
toenail fungus no not anymore
toenails are gone too captain there are
Klingons on the stern and Romulans and
the Borg power shower engaged Wow honey
towel
that was an amazing experience
the power shower